here this word that the law and has
here this word that the law and has spoken against you all children of
spoken against you all children of
spoken against you all children of Israel against the whole family which I
Israel against the whole family which I
Israel against the whole family which I brought up from the land of Egypt saying
brought up from the land of Egypt saying
brought up from the land of Egypt saying you only have I known of all the
you only have I known of all the
you only have I known of all the families of the earth therefore I will
families of the earth therefore I will
families of the earth therefore I will punish you for all your iniquities can
punish you for all your iniquities can
punish you for all your iniquities can two walk together unless they are agreed
two walk together unless they are agreed
two walk together unless they are agreed will a lion roar in the forest when he
will a lion roar in the forest when he
will a lion roar in the forest when he has no prey will a young lion cry out of
has no prey will a young lion cry out of
has no prey will a young lion cry out of his den if he has caught nothing will a
his den if he has caught nothing will a
his den if he has caught nothing will a bird fall into a snare on the earth
bird fall into a snare on the earth
bird fall into a snare on the earth where there is no trap for it will a
where there is no trap for it will a
where there is no trap for it will a snare spring up from the earth if it has
snare spring up from the earth if it has
snare spring up from the earth if it has caught nothing at all if a trumpet is
caught nothing at all if a trumpet is
caught nothing at all if a trumpet is blown in a city will not the people be
blown in a city will not the people be
blown in a city will not the people be afraid if there is calamity in the city
afraid if there is calamity in the city
afraid if there is calamity in the city will not the Lord have done it
will not the Lord have done it
will not the Lord have done it surely the Lord God does nothing unless
surely the Lord God does nothing unless
surely the Lord God does nothing unless he reveals his secret to his servants
he reveals his secret to his servants
he reveals his secret to his servants the prophets
the prophets
the prophets a lion has warned who will not fear the
a lion has warned who will not fear the
a lion has warned who will not fear the Lord God has spoken
Lord God has spoken
Lord God has spoken who can but prophesy proclaim in the
who can but prophesy proclaim in the
who can but prophesy proclaim in the palaces at Ashdod and in the palaces in
palaces at Ashdod and in the palaces in
palaces at Ashdod and in the palaces in the land of Egypt and say a symbol on
the land of Egypt and say a symbol on
the land of Egypt and say a symbol on the mountains of Samaria see great
the mountains of Samaria see great
the mountains of Samaria see great tumult in her midst and the oppressed
tumult in her midst and the oppressed
tumult in her midst and the oppressed within her for they do not know to do
within her for they do not know to do
within her for they do not know to do right who store up violence and robbery
right who store up violence and robbery
right who store up violence and robbery in their palaces therefore thus says the
in their palaces therefore thus says the
in their palaces therefore thus says the Lord God an adversary shall be all
Lord God an adversary shall be all
Lord God an adversary shall be all around the land he shall set your
around the land he shall set your
around the land he shall set your strength from you and your policies
strength from you and your policies
strength from you and your policies shall be plundered thus says the Lord as
shall be plundered thus says the Lord as
shall be plundered thus says the Lord as a shepherd takes from the mouth of a
a shepherd takes from the mouth of a
a shepherd takes from the mouth of a lion
lion
lion two legs or a piece of an ear so shall
two legs or a piece of an ear so shall
two legs or a piece of an ear so shall the children of Israel be taken out who
the children of Israel be taken out who
the children of Israel be taken out who dwell in Samaria in the corner of a bed
dwell in Samaria in the corner of a bed
dwell in Samaria in the corner of a bed and on the edge of a couch here and
and on the edge of a couch here and
and on the edge of a couch here and testify against the house of Jacob says
testify against the house of Jacob says
testify against the house of Jacob says the Lord God the God of hosts that in
the Lord God the God of hosts that in
the Lord God the God of hosts that in the day I punish Israel for their
the day I punish Israel for their
the day I punish Israel for their transgressions
transgressions
transgressions I will also visit destruction on the
I will also visit destruction on the
I will also visit destruction on the altars of Bethel and the horns of the
altars of Bethel and the horns of the
altars of Bethel and the horns of the altar shall be cut off and fall to the
altar shall be cut off and fall to the
altar shall be cut off and fall to the ground I will destroy the winter house
ground I will destroy the winter house
ground I will destroy the winter house along with the summer house the houses
along with the summer house the houses
along with the summer house the houses of ivory Shall Perish and the group